Hello YouTube. Hello Brian. Hey. Hey, happy y'all are here. How about we just kick this thing off?
Yeah, let's. All right. Give the old day a check. Perfect. Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds. This is episode 450, recorded September 22nd, 2025.
I am Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And you can support our show by supporting our work.
Take a course over at the Complete pytest course with Brian or a bunch of the courses, including one from Brian, over at Talk Python.
And thank you to our Patreon supporters.
I really appreciate that.
Connect with us on the socials, whether you just want to have a chat, comment on the episode we released.
We usually announce it there, and you can talk on that thread.
Or just follow us and see what's going on.
Some links to various places are in the show notes.
If you want to join us live, then pythonvites.fm.
Live is where you go.
If we're live streaming, the website will say so, and you'll see the live stream playing right there.
Otherwise, just click on the YouTube banner, and it'll let you subscribe to the YouTube feed.
It'll let you get notified, and you can see all the old shows there if you like.
And finally, if you would like an artisan handcrafted digest put together by Brian about what we've talked about on the show, a bit of a deeper dive into the background and some of the topics and more resources, not just a rehash or email version of the show notes, go to pythonbytes.fm, click on newsletter, enter your email.
We'll be gentle to it, we promise.
Now, Brian, I would hope that you would also be gentle to pandas and other zoo animals.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Well, let's, let's, what's going on?
There we go.
Thanks.
Technical difficulties getting the screen on.
So this, I'm going to talk about PD call, which is columns in pandas.
These are not here yet.
So these PD call expressions are coming to Pandas in the next version.
I think the next version.
Well, more about that later.
Anyway, this comes to us from Marco Garelli.
He wrote the article.
And what he's talking about is a new call expression within Pandas and with PD data frames.
So taking a look at, he also linked to the merge request.
So let's take a look at that.
There's an enhancement, introduce pandas.call.
That went in and was merged on August 22nd.
So why I'm saying it's coming in the next version.
So it came in on August 22nd.
The most recent version of pandas looks like it was released on August 21st.
So it's not there now.
So whatever the next one is, maybe 233, maybe 24.
I don't know what they're going to bump, but it'll be there soon.
So what are these things?
So in the past, there's pandas, but then there's other things that pandas has inspired, like I'm blanking on all the names, but there's a bunch of other type pandas-like things that do similar stuff.
So they have the call syntax already, so that's just coming back into pandas.
So what is this?
So when you want to talk about pandas columns, in the past, a lot of times you had to come up with these, use these lambda expressions.
So like lambda x for x temp, specifying a column.
So you kind of select it with a lambda expression because you want the expression to happen not outside of the data frame, but in the context of the data frame.
So it's, you know, there's some trickiness in doing that.
So really, that's what's going on.
And the article we're going to link to talks about using lambdas and then kind of times where that just doesn't work right.
There's some flakiness that happens with lambdas.
Doesn't always do what you might think.
And then introduces using columns instead.
So the syntax of using instead of the lambda, just doing pd.call.
passing in a column name um that's really all i wanted to talk about it was really this is pretty cool i'm and i'm looking forward to being able to use this column there's new things coming also along these lines so some of the other things that that some of the other tools use is things like um uh pd all to select um multiple columns that's not that's not in this one yet um But there's other multiple expressions and PDL selectors and other things that they want to bring into Pandas.
But this is a good starting point.
This is great.
I love it.
I love to see it getting better.
You know, Pandas is definitely the primary way people do data frames.
And there's some young snappers nipping at the heels like Polars and others.
So great to see some of these ideas being brought back.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Now, let's talk about whippersnappers for sure.
The young vibe coder type.
No, I want to talk about agentic code, certainly not just for vibe coding.
So I actually have been doing a lot of cursor lately, and I really like it.
I think it's, at some point I have more to say, but I think it's pretty stunning what you can do these days with agentic AI coding.
I talked to Matt Makai a few weeks ago on Talk Python about he was using ColladeCode and NeoVim, but these agentic tool-using coding AIs are just unbelievable what they can do.
They all have their own little variation, which is kind of funky.
Cursors like a VS Code fork, but then Microsoft said, hey, maybe we shouldn't just let everybody just take our stuff and redo our business model against us, which is absolutely fair.
so they cancel a bunch of stuff.
So it's not quite VS Code, but it's kind of VS Code.
There's Claude Code, which is terminal-based.
What I want to mention today is something called Klein.
And I think the idea of it, if you're at all inclined to care about the AI coding thing.
Inclined.
Very good.
If you're at all inclined to care about the inline coding thing, then Klein should be pretty interesting to you.
Why is that?
First of all, it works in pretty much all the places that you would care about.
It works in VS Code, VS Code Insider, Cursors, Cursor, which is interesting.
This and OpenAI's codecs both install into Cursor, which is a separate product with its own AI coding thing, but it's just using a different pane if you don't like it or you run out of credits or whatever.
But it also installs, and this is one of the main reasons I'm bringing this up, is JetBrains IDEs, in particular PyCharm, but many others as well.
So if you want to bring whatever model you want to PyCharm, or to VS Code, or whatever, then you can do that.
The other thing is places like cursor charge a percentage on top of inference.
So if you pay-- let's say you do $10 worth of work, That would basically be what Claude or the OpenAI API charges cursor.
They're like, all right, well, 12 bucks is what you pay.
With Klein, this is open source.
You can see 51,000 GitHub stars.
So it's open source, and it doesn't charge for inference.
What it does is you can either give them a credit, and they'll pay it along to whoever you pick in your dropdown, or you could just put in an anthropic API key or an open AI API key, and then that's your model.
And they're not involved in that transaction, which I think is pretty interesting.
The other thing that's kind of cool is they have a very distinct plan versus act mode.
You can see in the screenshot at the bottom, it has a plan and an act.
And one of the things you can do to be way more successful on complicated AI jobs is to say, please plan this out, write it down in a markdown file, and then come back and say, now you can act.
Let's do step one and work through that.
Now let's do step two.
It'll keep the context smaller.
It'll keep the thing a little more focused and so on.
So that's pretty nice.
Yeah.
You can do that with other ones in the prompt, but it doesn't always behave.
You say, let's plan this out.
It's okay, we planned it out.
Now I'm doing it like, no, no, no.
I just told you to plan it out, right?
The other thing, if you look at the UI on the client homepage, it actually has a price that updates as it's working.
Like how much is this costing you?
It goes zero cents, three cents, five cents.
Not when it's done working, but like as it's working, the dollars are like click, click, click, click, click, which is really a lot of other tools.
It's very like, I have no idea what this costs.
Oh no, I'm out of credits or I've spent a bunch of money, but this one you can just watch.
So that's cool.
Yeah, I like it a lot.
It's got open source for sure, so complete transparency so that they're not profiting on inference.
Universal model access, so if OpenAI or Anthropic come out with a brand new model, it'll show up right away because you're just passing through to their API, right?
And it says client-side architecture means your code never touches our servers, essential for security, mandatory for many enterprises, and ensures data sovereignty.
I played with this a little bit in PyCharm, and it's quite nice.
I think I will still be using cursor, but I'm keeping my eye on this because I think this is pretty neat.
Cool.
Yeah, anyway.
Believe it or not, AI has still not disappeared as a fad.
It may still, but probably not.
All right, over to you.
Okay.
I was just going to talk about uv a little bit.
Are you going to cheat?
You're not going to cheat, are you?
Yeah, yeah, I am.
This is thanks to Rodrigo at MathsPP, MathSPP.
I'm not sure.
Anyway, he's got a great blog about software and Python and stuff.
So uv Cheat Sheet, I really kind of, I mean, uv at first was, oh, great.
can you use it instead of like pip and and now it does a lot of stuff so what all does it do it's a lot now the documentation over it uh at for uv is pretty good already but i kind of like this so what what does he's got he's got like just all of the commands that you probably want to remember around creating projects like all the inits and how to how to do a net stuff like if you're going to do an app or a library.
And I kind of forgot that they added these app and lib flags.
That's pretty cool.
I did too, and I made a lib, and I forgot and ran it in app mode, and I'm like, darn it, I messed it up.
But yeah, it's really great.
And then project management dependencies, of course, being able to modify your PyProject.toml and stuff using UVAdd and uv lock.
I guess I didn't notice also there's a uv tree.
That's neat.
Didn't know that was there or forgot about it.
Lifecycle management.
What does that mean?
Things like build, publish, bumping the version.
And I haven't played with these either, all the different ways you can bump a project version.
That's pretty cool.
I'll have to play with those.
Things like managing tools, like all the tools, like uv tool run uv tool install these are these were uvx kind of isn't uvx and uv tool the same
thing i think yeah no almost uvx will run a tool but then it's like ephemeral it doesn't last where you really you install it so you might say uv tool install i don't know pi test and then you permanently have py test as a thing that you can run but if you say uvx py test it'll download run py test and then it will it'll kind of disappear from your system is that you know what i mean oh yeah okay they're they're similar but not exactly the same oh here it is right here uvx is
an alias for uv tool run there you go nice yeah it's the uv tool run but not uv tool install and
and then run the tool.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Working with scripts.
UVNN run for scripts.
And I haven't done this.
I guess initialize the script and run it, things like that.
Neat.
Oh, wow, I didn't know you could do this.
You can add and remove dependencies within a script.
Oh, that's pretty neat.
Yeah, and I think it writes the little header, the PEP client header at the top for you.
That's cool.
yeah i totally okay i'm learning a lot just uh i thought it was just a cheat sheet for me but i'm learning a lot so this is great um and then of course um uh if you control which pip which python versions are installed on your computer using uv um cheat sheet on that list install uninstall things like that so nice uh i've been i've been using i didn't think i would i really didn't think I'd be switching to something else to install Python.
But yeah, I'm especially trying to keep up on new versions with 3.14 and stuff. Definitely using uv for that.
And then a handful of old time stuff like actually old timers like uv, VNV and UVPIP. That's where we started.
I love it. uv format to run ruff. Update.
this is one of the things that that i always forget about uh well i remember that it's there but i forget to do sometimes is if i'm on a different machine that i know that has uv but i haven't updated it for a while and i try some something new like installing a new version of python and it doesn't see it i'm like what's going on um if things don't work try a uv self-update and it probably will work that so yes good cheat sheet who said cheating will never get
anywhere. We learn stuff here. Yeah. We did. Well, speaking of sneaky things, I want to talk about Ducky. So Ducky is an open source, all-in-one desktop app built in Python. It's designed as the perfect companion for network engineers, students, tech enthusiasts, and others. And it combines a bunch of essential networking tools for you. Okay, so I have the thing itself and then bit of a stealth take on this okay so it has a UI down here and it does a bunch of different things you can say I would like to it actually has a nice SSH client you can use to connect the things it does tell net and bringing back the mud days serial communication all different things so if you look at some of the tools it's got a terminal kind of like we talked about but also network queries, subnet calculators, port scanners, topology mappers, like how is my whole enterprise network put together, and here's the sneaky bits, vulnerability scanner, password checker, hash calculator, and so on. So a lot of cool things you can do in this UI. It's Windows only, so I think that's turnabout is fair play a little bit, Brian, because we talk a lot about Mac tools on here, and I'm going to talk about macOS specifically before the show is over.
So we don't usually cover some Windows-only tooling, but here we are.
Yeah.
So it's still pretty good.
I think this is kind of the thing you might run in, like a big company enterprise.
You want to understand your network topology, your search vulnerabilities, and things like that.
Or you just run it in a VM.
Pretty neat.
Like I said, open source.
Yeah.
So here's the stealth bonus.
This is a pretty cool looking desktop app.
I can go over and download it.
Let me see if I can zoom back a little bit to get to the releases.
It's pretty new, by the way.
I can come over here, and I can download this.
And presumably, inside there is going to be a.exe that I can run or whatever.
Right?
Oh, now it has to install it this way.
Interesting.
It doesn't compile it.
Oh, it does contain an exe.
Yeah, OK, so it does contain exe.
Or you can install, run it as an entry point script thing in the pyproject.toml.
Anyway, so here's part of the stealth thing.
ducky.exe application-- keep that in mind-- as we compare it against an all-in-one desktop app built in Python.
You don't see too many fully compiled, built, executable desktop apps of any variety these days in Python.
I know there are some, but not too many.
So this is cool.
Yeah.
Actually, I don't even remember the last desktop app I installed at all.
We live in a weird world.
We do.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's it.
That's Ducky.
I think it's super new, not super popular, but I think a little shiny light on something cool.
Yeah.
Nice.
Cool.
Mm-hmm.
All right. Is that it for our things?
Over to the extras.
It is.
What do you got?
Normally on extras, we will share something extra that I want to point out and share with people.
But this time, I guess I'll share one article, but mostly it's a question.
I'm curious what everyone is using for.
So I've got a, my blog is static site, Hugo.
And I'm currently on Netlify, but I'm like, should I be on Netlify?
And I ran across this article from Will Vincent.
This is moving from Netlify to Cloudflare pages.
But that was published in February of last year, of 2024.
So curious if it's still valid.
And that totally doesn't look like Will from what I remember Will looking like.
But it's a cool picture anyway.
Anyway, so he's got an article on converting.
and so I might consider Cloudflare.
But why I'm bringing this up is because Netlify changed their plans a little bit recently.
And right now, you're already there, you're grandfathered in to whatever you had before.
But if you want to change around, they're doing this credit thing.
So the free plan, like if I was going to recommend somebody new to blogging, any of these would probably be fine because there's no traffic yet.
But as traffic grows, and traffic grows weird now because of AI bots and everything, even if there's not that many people reading your site, there might be a ton of bots reading it.
So that 300 credits turns into like 30 gigabytes per month, which, you know, you can hit that not too hard.
If you have a big hero image or something like that.
Yeah, probably, you know, probably do the images down.
But stuff gets pulled a lot.
Anyway, so there's that on Netlify.
And to go up, it's $9 or $20.
None of this is expensive, but it adds up over the year.
So Netlify's here.
I did look up.
I knew some people were using GitHub Pages, but GitHub Pages has a usage limit as well.
And I didn't realize this.
It says it's not intended or allowed to be used as a free web hosting service to run your online business, e-commerce site, or other website that's primarily directed at either facility and commercial transactions.
Blah, blah, blah.
Anyway, I've got ads on my site, so I was like, I don't think it would be bad.
I think that would be sort of not in line with the terms.
But also there's 100 gigabyte soft bandwidth.
So that doesn't seem right.
Cloudflare Plagiot Cloudflare pages.
Looks like they don't have a bandwidth limit on the free plan, which is interesting, and unlimited sites.
So I might check that out also.
Also, not just because of the cost.
Even $20 isn't something terrible.
But I'm not thrilled with Netlify's analytics that they present.
And I was just curious if anybody has any other ideas for what you're hosting your static sites on.
Let me know.
But you've got static sites, but I'm assuming you're self-hosting those.
Yeah, exactly.
They were on Netlify for a while, and I had monitoring for all my different sites for downtime.
And I think I said this before, but I noticed they started having weird one-minute downtimes.
I'm like, that's weird.
How can a static site reasonably have downtime?
But no, it was quite a bit.
And so I'm like, well, how much work would it be to just put it on the same infrastructure that runs Python bytes and all the rest, right?
Turns out, not so much.
If you can just get clone your Hugo site somewhere and you point Nginx at it with the right configuration, you now, ta-da, have a, it's exactly the same as if it's hosted at one of these places.
and then update you just run a remote ssh get pull command and then boom, it's instantly updated.
So if people want to know how to host Hugo or whatever in static sites, shoot me a message.
I'm happy to help.
I don't necessarily recommend it to everyone because now you have a server you've got to deal with, right?
But if you already have a server and already have Nginx doing all the stuff, it's trivial to just add a config to point at a folder.
Yeah.
Yes, that's kind of why I was sort of leaning towards what's a hosted thing that's cheap, either free or cheap.
And I hadn't, before I ran across Will's article, I hadn't heard of Cloudflare.
I can't say that.
Cloudflare pages.
I hadn't either.
But I wonder if there's others out there that I'm not even noticing.
So yeah, let me know.
Very cool.
Love it.
All right.
I have a few extras.
Okay.
Of which Ducky is not one.
So I apologize.
I can't remember the guy who sent this in.
But Python Brazil has sort of reached out and said, hey, we could use a little help with funding.
The PSF had a bunch of funding and grants for different things.
And there was a huge spike in how many grants were requested, how many people asked for funding.
and it burned through the available funds quicker than expected, I think is the short version.
There's been a bunch written about it, and that's probably roughly right.
Anyway, they said, hey, we could use some help.
We don't have as much funding as we expected.
So give us a shout-out, if you don't mind, about Python Brazil coming on the 21st to 27th, I believe, in October.
And if you go to check out and you actually pull up the buy me a ticket, like check out pop up or modal dialogue, whatever it is in there, there's a way to donate a ticket for a student to attend.
So you can just go there and say, I would like to basically fund a student's attendance.
So anyway, that's kind of cool. Check that out. Hopefully the conference goes well for them.
Next up, Brian, to atone for my sins, I've mentioned in a Windows-only application, I will speak of macOS.
So I don't know.
Have you installed macOS Tahoe or iOS 26, one of these new shiny liquid glass things?
They're doing it on the desktop also?
No, I have not.
My daughter has updated her phone and has been cursing it since she's updated.
Funny.
Yeah, so I updated my phone, I updated my work computers, but not my streaming computer, because the UI stuff with screen recording and all that kind of stuff, it can get a little weird.
So I decided the one that you and I are talking on right now is going to stay stable for a little while.
But the other ones I upgraded, I think it's delightful.
I know a lot of people hate change, and they're like, it's changed, and I don't like it.
And that may be valid or not valid or whatever, but I think it's great.
I've been enjoying it.
So the clear isn't bothering you yet?
No, nothing is unreadable.
I don't have it in the full tinted mode.
I just took the default because it still has color.
I hate that they drew the color out of it like a vampire sucked the joy out of it or whatever.
So can you get colors back in your icons if you could get those back?
They don't even change by default.
You have to go and select the super clear view if you want that.
Oh, okay.
It looks almost exactly the same.
It's just a little more transparent.
Like the menu bar across the top, the background is transparent.
But depending on what your background looks like, it's either fine or not fine.
I don't know.
But for mine, it's fine.
So, yeah, it's okay.
Anyway, I know a lot of people are saying they hate it.
And I'm like, I actually kind of like it.
I don't mind it at all.
That's great.
I'm glad that you're happy with your computer.
Thanks.
I mean, there's things that I would like to have transparent.
Like, for instance, if I'm actually usually using a computer or phone, not while I'm moving.
So I don't really need to see what's behind it.
If I could have books be transparent, then I could walk around and read at a different time.
That would be cool.
I remember when the iPhone first came out, there was an app that was basically a messaging app.
It wasn't iMessage.
It was some other kind of messaging app.
But literally, the background was the camera view out the front, the back, what is it?
The camera that looks away from you.
And so you could hold it, and you could read your messages, and it would show you what you're walking towards.
How messed up is that?
Well, I think that's great.
I mean, like, actually, if you could do, like, a panorama side view, too, because I'm always weirded out with people crossing a crosswalk while looking at their phone.
And I'm like, there's cars and bikes and stuff.
You're going to get hit, man.
I know.
Yeah, whatever.
Kids these days.
Speaking of software things, also, I'm 100% back to Vivaldi.
I'm not using Zen anymore.
I'm just embracing the Vivaldi lifestyle.
Really? This surprises me because Vivaldi's taken a stand against AI.
I don't need my browser to do AI.
I think I actually, you know, you're going to take us down a rat hole.
I hate the AI that is in almost every application.
You know, my email client has a rewrite this email with AI.
Gmail has a, would you like to like shorten this or tighten it with AI?
And I almost always hate what it does.
It almost always destroys the formatting or something.
I'm like, oh, my, what is this?
So I'm not a huge proponent of everything having AI in it, but going like, I'm going to go to ChatGPT or I'm going to go to some AI coding thing, and now I'm using it as a choice.
That is good, but just having it jammed in really poor implementations everywhere, don't love it.
Yeah, so they did make a big stand against AI, which is interesting.
Yeah.
Okay, I have one more thing left, a quick follow-up here.
The one thing that didn't work was Alt Tab.
Have I given a shout out to Alt Tab, Brian?
Alt Tab is awesome.
One of the things that really is a bummer about macOS is you can Command Tab instead of Alt Tab, which seems like the same thing, but no, it's not.
Because if you have, let's say, three browser windows or three editors, and you want to go between Editor Window 1 and Editor Window 3, no.
There's not really a hotkey for that, right, other than switch to the app and then do an expose all windows and then use your mouse.
It's really janky.
So Alt Tab cycles through windows, not apps, which is really nice.
So if I'm already in Vivaldi and we've got three windows up, you can cycle through the-- Yeah, Alt Tab.
You just map it to Alt Tab.
And then Alt Tab will cycle between the different Vivaldi windows and all the other windows.
It's like Windows style, not Mac style.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
And it's open source and free.
It's pretty nice.
Okay, before we hit our joke, I just want to, why will this not go?
There we go.
James C. on the audience asks, what about GitHub Pages as an option for your static site?
You pointed out that there's some limitations you don't like, right?
I sort of flew by it, and I can't go to my screen because I already deleted it.
But the gist of it is I'm actually doing decent traffic, so I'm already hit.
I am close to the 100 gigabyte.
and they said that github pages is close to 100 they have a soft 100 gigabyte limit and i've already taken all all the big stuff off it's just a lot of i think it's a lot of ai bots and i decided to not turn that off um but the uh uh the other thing is it says it's they really don't want it to be for free web hosting for anything commercial or even like pseudo related to commercial and so I, in the spirit of that, I don't, I'm not afraid of getting in trouble. I just don't think it's right for me to take advantage of it if I'm promoting my courses, promoting my book and stuff and on there. It just doesn't seem like in the spirit of what GitHub Pages was for. So there's that.
However, you're right that when I started the story of recommending other people start a blog, totally GitHub pages is going to be one of those because if you're just writing a blog like in college or something, probably not a commercial entity.
And that's totally valid.
Just remember the admonishment we gave a few weeks ago.
Use your own domain.
Because if you want to move, you need to be able to move by remapping your DNS.
If you're at, you know, Michael at githubpages.com or whatever, right?
Or github.io, like you're stuck forever.
Yeah.
But then you'll, yes.
And you'll get to the joy of now you have to get to learn how DNS settings.
But, you know, you should anyway.
You'll figure it out.
Yeah.
By the way, my self-hosting comes with free four terabytes of traffic.
And if you're a DigitalOcean or Hetzner, usually even the cheapest server comes with a terabyte of free traffic.
I think the $4 version.
Well, maybe I'll set up a $4 Hetzner box or something.
Yeah, exactly.
You could.
I'm happy to help if you want.
All right.
Are you ready for a joke to wrap this thing up?
Okay.
So I'm going to recommend a YouTube video.
I know a lot of times I tell straight jokes, but I feel like this one is catching the zeitgeist a little bit.
and people can, I think with a certain group of people, this is really going to resonate.
Are you looking for a job?
Have you looked for a job five years ago?
And then now, well, check out Kai Lintitz, hiring in 2025 versus 2021.
This is the programmers are human guy.
The interview with the Emacs expert guy, the senior JavaScript developer.
And perhaps his best video is the senior engineer tries AI coding.
But this is really, really funny.
It sort of like contrasts like the position that we all used to be in, whereas you could just dictate whatever terms you want in 2021 because people are desperate to hire anyone.
And then what it's like now.
They make the guy create like a foundational LLM model blindfolded.
But here, I'll give you some of the quotes.
In 2021, these are some of the quotes.
Do you have an in-house kombucha sommelier?
What country did he study in?
Oh, yes, we actually have two.
And then it's like, let's talk about, this is the guy being hired, right?
Let's talk about pets.
Are you donkey friendly?
And the guy starts to laugh like, oh yeah, whatever.
He's like, oh no, you think this is a joke?
He's like, oh, well, we can work on donkeys.
Yeah, it's okay.
And then 2025 is like round eight of seven for the interviews, right?
And the guy starts screaming at the guy being interviewed.
Out of 12,000 resumes, the AI picked yours.
Prove that you're worthy.
Do you solve with the binary tree?
Build me a foundational model.
And then eventually he asked about healthcare.
He goes, healthcare, what do you want to live forever?
So good.
Oh, that's bad.
Yeah.
So if you want to just live in the moment a little bit, I think.
Here we go.
So, yeah, in 20, so pre-2019, I guess.
So pre-pandemic, it's been since there's not enough people always in the office to support it now.
But before the pandemic, we had two flavors of kombucha on tap, chilled.
It was like a mini keg thing, but it was kombucha.
It was a thing.
Incredible.
And then also- Where did your Somalia study?
No, we just, it's Portland.
It's just kombucha people.
I know, I know, I know.
The one, this is related to AI in 2025.
My daughter, she's a junior in high school.
And she had to, for one of her classes, she had to interview me, interview one of her parents.
So she interviewed me.
And she was starting to type it in on her phone.
And I'm like, don't do that.
Just email me the questions.
So she emailed me the questions.
And I just sat there and talked with her about what I was saying.
But I typed it back because I type way faster than she does.
Although it's bizarre that she can type with her thumbs faster than she can on a keyboard.
But send it back, turned it in.
But she had to convince her teacher that it was okay that she pasted it in.
Because apparently there were so many kids that actually didn't want to actually interview their parents.
They told ChatTPT what their parents were like.
had the, or whatever, the AI system, AI bots, they interviewed a bot instead of their parents.
And so the teacher turned off paste in the homework assignment. So you can't paste in the answer
anymore. How bad. I mean, I do not envy the educational world with regard to AI because you know it's so easy to say and here let me just paste the homework question and requirements in
now do that you know it's crazy but this was like there's no wrong answer it was like it was easier just easier than ad talking to your family uh but yeah yeah that's crazy anyway all right yeah that's cool uh well good one again thanks i'll have to watch that uh
hiring video. Oh, it's really good. It's really good. People check it out. I'll put it in the show notes. Bye everyone.